 judy rapoport  ronit broder  sarah feingoldreadingacademicenglishresearch curriculum and programdevelopment for teacher educators   reading academic english is aimed at postsecondaryschool studentswhose native language is not english and who are studying at academicinstitutions. the objective of this program is to introduce students to thegenre of academic texts, to train them to use efficient reading strategiesand to provide them with skills for reading on their own.the program offers independent modules that can be combined in avariety of ways to suit individual class or student needs. these include guided reading graded texts with tasks for before, during and afterreading, including close reading work with language forms skills explanations and extensive practice in interpreting languagesignals  such as sentence structure, verb forms, discourse markers andsubstitute words  to unlock meaning appendix glossary of academic words and list of affixes for referencereading academic english can be used for a range of levels, with textsranging from simplified press articles of general interest to authenticacademic journal articles dealing with topical issues in education.judy rapoport is an educator and writer of english language materials. she has taughtacademic english and pedagogy at various colleges in israel and is the writer and editor of awide range of textbooks for english learners.ronit broder is both a teacher and an author in the field of efl. she has taught english atvarious levels within the israeli school system, ranging from elementary to college level. hertextbooks, in particular reading skills and grammar books for english learners, are widelyused in israeli schools.sarah feingold phd heads the english studies department at shenkar college of engineeringand design. she teaches academic english at kibbutzim college of education. her researchinterests include linguistics, language policy, learning difficulties and second languageeducation of immigrants judy rapoport ronit broder sarah feingoldreadingacademicenglish .indd    pmreading academic englishjudy rapoport ronit broder sarah feingoldeditor marion duman eilamproduction editor judy rapoportdesign and computer layout meital cohen binyaminfront cover design meital cohen binyamincover photo gettyimages, israelprinting tirosh publishersltd.      il.ac.macam.mofet.www  all rights reserved tothe mofet institutecurriculum and program development for teacher educatorsp.o.b. , tel aviv, israel tel.isbn the publisher has made every effort to locate the copyright holders of all published material included in this book. ifany copyright has inadvertently been infringed, the publisher will ensure that this is corrected in subsequent editions.no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means,electronic, mechanical, photocopying or otherwise, without permission in writing